- When doing pip install, python literally makes tcp and http connection to pypi.org server.
The packages there are where all types of modules and frameworks are,
such as flask, django, pandas, etc.
- .venv is ignored by git. When doing projects/making something, we create this first. Then, we install the
packages after activating it in bash/prompt. This is so packages and other dependencies aren't installed
globbaly and only for the project we're in. This helps so that when making future projects with later 
versions of those packages and dependencies used in old project, old project doesn't fail or break due to 
updating the global packages it's using.
- Routes handle different URLs that app supports. Handlers for these app routes are python functions called
"view functions", which are mapped to 1 or more route URLs. These handlers let flask know what to do when
user/client requests a specific URL
- in the init file, when importing the routes, I had to use . instead of app,
because something with python environment variable on my end and because
python confuses app directory with app flask instance. anyways, its best
to use . since its dynamic, and . looks at current directory. can use this
anywhere in python. or can use different names to avoid python directory
errors
- we need a top level file like projectRetainApp.py, because although 
we already defined flask instance in __init__, init is supposed to be imported,
has a clean look since later on we will be adding databases and config files
at the top level, keeping app directory clean and only have source code,
and to not mess with python's root directory system
- need to do (venv) $ export FLASK_APP=projectRetainApp.py once every 
terminal session. it helps flask find the flask app instance in the
projectRetainApp module, which imports the app flask instance within it.
there'll be more types of things than export FLASK_APP=..., so we make this 
.flaskenv folder that will have these scripts run automatically everytime
flask run is done. need the python-dotenv package, which for us is in .venv.
not ignored by git, so other teammates in github can have the convenience of
sharing running flask without manually typing these other scripts.
- can change ports: (venv) $ flask run --port 5001
